to update firmware for an Epson Stylus
Pro printer begin by going to WWF sn.com
to download the appropriate file once on
the home page begin by selecting North
America and then USA next click on
drivers and support printers and
all-in-ones then professional imaging
from the list select your printer model
next select your operating system and
then locate the latest firmware update
version and click on download now
after the file is finished downloading
move the fpg file to the desktop
next open the Macintosh hard drive
applications and Epson printer utility 3
then select your printer model and click
ok next click on printer firmware update
since you've already downloaded the
latest firmware version click cancel
next click on browse and locate the fpg
file that should be on your desktop and
choose that file
next check the box next to your printer
and then click update
and then okay
the firmware update is now complete
you